what is bootstrap?   
It is frontend framework for webdevelopment.    
It include HTML and CSS based design templates for Typography, Forms, Buttons, Tables, Navigation etc.    

why use bootstrap?   
1. Easier to use.  
2. Response Features.It means it support for mobile mode and desktop mode etc.    
3. compatable with almost newly realeased browser.     

* Note : one give multiple class.    
eg <button type="button" class="btn btn-primary btn-sm"> hello </button>   
Explain class attribute have multiple class. To write multiple class give one class name after one space then new class.    

what do you mean by glyph?    
A glyph is "the specific shape, design, or representation of a character".   



**Don't mix with other components**   
Icon classes cannot be directly combined with other components. They should not be used along with other classes on the same element. Instead, add a nested <span> and apply the icon classes to the <span>        

`example`    
```   
<button type="button" class="btn btn-default" aria-label="Left Align">
  <span class="glyphicon glyphicon-align-left" aria-hidden="true"></span>
</button>
``` 	
**Only for use on empty elements**   
Icon classes should only be used on elements that contain no text content and have no child elements.	   
  
* Dropdowns    
Dropdowns can be triggered from <a> or <button> elements to better fit your potential needs.      


 what is header?  
 Header. Usually the strip across the top of a web page with a big heading and a logo. This is also where main common information about    a website.   

 what is divisor?  
 Bootstrap Dividers are page breaks to create sections on various parts of your websites.     

 what is role attribute?  
 role attribute describes the role of an element in programs that can make use of it, such as screen readers or magnifiers. Usage    Example: <a href="#" role="button">Button Link</a> Screen Readers will read this element as “button” instead of “link”.   

 how to create button dropdown?     
 button type="button" class="btn btn-default dropdown-toggle" data-toggle="dropdown" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false">   
  Action  </button>      	      

what is slipt button dropdown?  
create button action then create again new button with 'cart' class and use dropdown class for second button.  
`Example`     

```<button type="button" class="btn btn-danger">Action</button>
  <button type="button" class="btn btn-danger dropdown-toggle" data-toggle="dropdown" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false">
    <span class="caret"></span>
  </button> 
``` 

what is Input groups?   
input groups you can easily prepend and append text or buttons to the text-based inputs.      
TO add input group class after , before and both side of input.     

how to create horizontal menu?  
If you want to create a simple horizontal menu, add the `.nav` class to a <ul> element, followed by `.nav-item` for each <li> and     add the `.nav-link` class to their links.       
   
what is nav tab and pills?  
.nav-tabs class to basic nav menu to convert nav menu to tab  navigation.  
pills are the way of styling to your nav menus and these are like a button toolbar with rounded corners.  

what is breadcrumb?     
A breadcrumb is a navigation scheme that indicates current page's location to the user within a website or application.    
     

what is pagination?  
move one page to another page is called pagination.   
   

what is alignment?  
position of the text. like left, right and center.     


difference between labels and Badges?  
Badges are similar to labels; the primary difference is that the corners are more rounded.    

what is jumbotron?   
A jumbotron indicates a big box for calling extra attention to some special content or information.    

what is page header?  
Page header is used to add appropriate spacing around the headings on a page.  


what is thumbnails?  
thumbnails are designed to showcase linked images with minimal required markup.   

what is panel ?  
panel means add the contant in the box and line around the box.   

what is Responsive embed? 
create response video and slide.       

what is well?  
A well is a container in <div> that causes the content to appear sunken or an inset effect on the page.

|class | description |   
| --- | --- |  
|glyphicon | This class is use for icon|   
|dropdowns | dropdowns use to choose value in the list|    
|disabled  | It is use for desiable the context |   
|divider   | It is use for divide the page|     
|btn-group | Group of button in single line|   
|btn-toolbar| seprate the one group of button to another group of button|   
|btn-group-lg| change the size of button lg, md, sm etc|   
|btn-group-vertical| vertical group of button|   
|caret | arrow icon |   
|input-group| prepend (add) some text for input to easiy understand the input purpose|   
| nav | It use for create horizontal menu|   
|breadcrumb| indicates current page's location to the user|   
|pagination | pagination is used to move one page to another page|  
|pager| Quick previous and next links |  
|label| Use lable |   
|Badges| similer to to lable|   
|jumbotron| big box similr to lable|   
|page-header| space around heading|   
|thumbnail| create thumbnails design|  
|alert| It is use fo alter the massage|  
|progress| it is use to show prograss bar|  
|media | It is used for add image and video|  
|list-group| It is used for list of items|  
|embed-responsive| create response video and silde|  
|well | display contain around border like container|   

* question  
role =   
group, toolbar, aria-label, aria-labelledby 